I didn't go to Cathedral Road very often, maybe a few times, but more likely to be on
Yom Kippur because we do shul hopping.
In order to stay fasting and whatever, we'd walk from one synagogue to another, so we'd
go to Cathedral Road and we'd go to the Reform, just to make use of the whole day so that
we had something to do.
Because you're not allowed to eat?
No, not allowed to eat or drink.
So that way, we managed it somehow.
So there'll be something going on at the synagogue?
Maybe even if there wasn't something going on, but it was just something to do, it's
what we did.
So there'll be groups of you going around?
Yeah, there'll be a few of us going around, all doing the same thing.